Add a Community Resources page. (#14)
ion-fusion/ion-fusion.github.io: community.md

---
title: Community Resources
layout: single
---

We are experimenting with a variety of communication channels:

* **General feedback and chat** is welcomed in both[^both] [Slack][] and [Discord][]. We tend to 
use Slack for real-time chat between contributors, and Discord for casual
  conversation and the occasional video huddle, but feel free to use either.
* **Technical questions** should be directed to [GitHub Discussions][discuss], where the 
information can be discovered through web searches. Let's help make the next person's Google search a
  little easier!
* **Bug reports and feature requests** should go into [GitHub issues][new-issue] so we can
  prioritize and track the work.
* **Announcements** will be posted to our [News][] page here, and to Discussions, Slack, 
and Discord. (Unfortunately, only the chat services support push notifications.)

All of the above is subject to change as we see where people gravitate.

⚠️ This product is not owned or supported by Amazon or AWS, but by a small group of volunteers.
At this time we cannot promise any particular SLA for responding to issues.
{: .notice--warning}

> [^both]: Each app has unpleasant tradeoffs, and it's unclear which will work best.

Reviewer: Minor: given that we'd ideally like to settle on a single one, is it worth framing this that way? Something like:
```suggestion
[^both]: Each app has unpleasant tradeoffs, and we hope the community's experience will show what works best. Feedback is welcome!
```

(I realize this is implied by the "subject to change" language on line 19, but just a thought to take or leave)
